feat: Update ekuiper startup status in snap getting started (#878)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedSnapUsers.md

    This version of EdgeX introduces a standalone EdgeX eKuiper snap.
    The new snap is the supported way of using eKuiper with other EdgeX snaps.

The service is **not started** by default. Please refer to [managing services].

**Source**

The eKuiper in this snap subscribes to all EdgeX events by default. Instead, ekuiper could subscribe to 
[App Service Configurable](#app-service-configurable) using snap options:

```
snap set edgex-ekuiper source=app-service-configurable
```

> For more details of the standalone EdgeX eKuiper snap, visit the README in source code.

Reviewer: To make it clear what the option does:
```suggestion
Setting this option will override the `default.topic` to `rules-events` and `default.messageType` to `event`.

For more details about the standalone EdgeX eKuiper snap, visit the README in source code.
```
